It never agreed, the heart never agreed, the
sister who was brought by me knowingly or unknowingly will cry, my heart has
gone crazy in love, I will
drive you crazy, I will drive you crazy,
one day in love, one day in love,
baby you know  i'm slow
i'm so shy i'd let nobody else do
i just keep you to myself gucci shoes i'm so
shy
Under let me
help you I will drive you crazy I will drive you crazy
One day in love One day in love
One day in love One day in love O
complete heart makes me remember you I want to listen to your words at
night Your memory torments
me  You make me feel bad, don't tell anyone else
[music]
How much should I tell you that I pray to you from my heart,
how can I tell you that I pray to you in life, what kind of
punishment is this for me in my love, I
stay awake day and night waiting for you,
even your heart won't turn
You too will have a heart, but it will not be
in your control  In your authority,
in your authority, in your authority, there is a
story in your heart, day and night I say to
me, make promises to you, I say
your memories torment me, I am the one, people
all call me, don't tell anyone else
how much I love you  I pray from my heart,
how do I tell you that life is a gamble, how did
I get this punishment in my love, I
stay awake day and night waiting for you
[Praise] [
Music] [
Praise] [
Praise]
[Music] The
heart never agrees, never agrees
Sister, who brought me without knowing it, my heart will cry, come
in love with me
[Praise]
[Music]